Update README.md => Question 23 (#742)
lydiahallie/javascript-questions: README.md

With the `var` keyword, you can declare multiple variables with the same name. The variable will then hold the latest value.

> You cannot do this with `let` or `const` since they couldn't be redeclared.

Reviewer: Perhaps this would be a good addition:

```suggestion
You cannot do this with `let` or `const` since they're block-scoped and therefore can't be redeclared.
```

Author: I Solved it and opened a new PR please can you check it
